Add a resx translation guide (#5671)
toggl/mobileapp: docs/internationalization/how-to-contribute-with-translations.md

        <comment>This is a text used for accessibility reasons to describe the button to stop a time entry</comment>
    </data>
</root>

``` 

Let's say you are translating the app to Japanese, the first thing you'll do is to copy the base file [Toggl.Shared/Resources.resx](../../Toggl.Shared/Resources.resx) into a new file named `Resources.ja.resx`, which should be place next to the original.
The `Toggl.Shared` folder should now contain both files, the original `Resources.resx` and the new `Resources.ja.resx` which will contain the Japanese translations. It would look like this:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<root>
    <xsd:schema id="root" xmlns="" xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema">
        <!-- don't modify any of this -->
    </xsd:schema>
    <resheader>
        <!-- don't modify any of this -->
    </resheader>
    <!-- Leave above from the original file untouched -->
    <data name="SampleTitle" xml:space="preserve">
        <value>題</value>
        <!-- You don't need to translate the comments -->
        </data>
    <data name="StopButton" xml:space="preserve">
        <value>時辰儀止めるボタン</value>
    </data>
</root>
```

> If you are translating into another language, the only difference is the language code in the `.resx` file. For example, a Brazilian Portuguese translation would require a file named `Resources.pt-Br.resx`, for Portugal Portuguese, it would be `Resources.pt-PT.resx`, for Latvian or Lettish, it would be `Resources.lv.resx`.

Reviewer: Maybe specify where to look up the correct language code?

## Translation Guide

> Helping to add a translation to the Toggl app is very simple!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adding a new language to the Toggl mobile app is very simple!
```

```

If you are translating into another language, the only difference is the language code in the `.resx` file. For example, a Brazilian Portuguese translation would require a file named `Resources.pt-Br.resx`, for Portugal Portuguese, it would be `Resources.pt-PT.resx`, for Latvian or Lettish, it would be `Resources.lv.resx`.

### Where can I find the language codes for Resources.`language code`.resx files? (pt-BR, pt-PT, lv, ja etc)
More information on where to get the right language codes can be found in the [Microsoft .NET CultureInfo docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.globalization.cultureinfo?view=netframework-4.8#culture-names-and-identifiers).

> TLDR; "The CultureInfo class specifies a unique name for each culture, based on RFC 4646. The name is a combination of an [ISO 639 two-letter lowercase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) culture code associated with a language and an [ISO 3166 two-letter uppercase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes) subculture code associated with a country or region".

Reviewer: If it's always a combination, what about `ja`?

Reviewer: Ans is there no list of all valid codes? I can see people getting confused about how to assemble the right one. Might not be a big issue, but the easier we make it for people, the better.

Or can we just create the files for new translations ourselves and have people add new strings until they are done?

Author: > If it's always a combination, what about ja?

Actually, it doesn't have to always be a combination.

> Or can we just create the files for new translations ourselves and have people add new strings until they are done?

I honestly think that's easier to create a branch, fire up a PR for the users with the base file and let them work from there. What do you think?

Reviewer: I thought about committing an empty file to develop and letting them work on that. Branches make things complicated.

Author: I don't think I follow how would that work.
Do you mean?
- When starting a new translation, we create the new `Resources.xx.resx` with a copy of the original file through our regular PRs (quickly as possible), ending with it on develop.
- Then what would the users/translators do with that?
